light -> led pixel (#182)
microsoft/jacdac: services/ledpixel.md

# LED Pixel

    identifier: 0x126f00e0

> A controller for strips of programmable RGB LEDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A controller for strips of individually controlled RGB LEDs.
```
